sorry i can show you the kitten
I can show you my birds
bird and then especially see in
friendship
[Music]
you like the bird this is my bird
for haiti is peak is not like your ti
please the same even if small and
sorry sorry sorry sorry
you can see my bird what you can
say think it no no because no it's great
why not be sure but how big it is
I speak no no no no no no see me but the
nice is that we really him no no no yes
it's true
sorry i can show my bird
I can never see myself bird largest ever
great
I thought I liked Mitchell nothing
this is my bird i like and it shows
that you are perhaps in a small past
pedophile a little and sorry but to foresee
but would like to see the yellow after but
by a cute stuff because no one sky
filho I would like to see myself beautiful no
you speak some Italian ok I can
doable but my bird you know what
birds may be well this is the
my bird what is beautiful is beautiful
what an excuse me and sorry but here you want
see in yellow like limoncello
from here to near because no mario is
coming
here we are thinking ad hoc said
lele finds it strange i mean where
this theme dates but you can see in the
yellow
but so because I like it as an idea but come on
look at it this is how great pain is
of the bird to the facts
[Music]
here is the penguin nation and this one does
this fail goes to the stop stop